Within the competency manager developer area it is necessary to be able to import existing client standards which may then be redeveloped by Capera. It is also necessary to be able to import any clients current competency metrics then I should be used to determine the competency category competency element etc into the required format 4 capita to handle the allocation of competences.

Within the developer area call ma framework builder, the skills framework builder requires some changes. We need to change the skills categories to training categories, skills to trainings call ma skill details to training details. It is necessary to be able to upload training certificates for each of those trainings. It is further necessary to have an achievement date and expiry date with a 90 day expanded the window where emails will be sent to the candidate and relevant HR person, this should be a feature that can be set up within the system to decide who is emailed within the business to address any training expiries which are upcoming. There should also be a red, amber, green colour coding around the trainings green when they are within date amber within the 90-day window and red when expired. Emails should be sent out on a weekly basis within the 90-day window 2 alert personnel that the training is expiring but only sent to the emails which have been configured by the client within the system. 

If it is possible to have an A I function to read certificates and enter the expiry dates or achievement dates automatically that would also be an excellent feature to add. Clients should also in this area be able to upload their training matrices from which, exactly the same as we intend to do with the competency area, they can allocate the various trainings based on the assigned job role. So where there is a job role allocated to a candidate when the client sets up their workers or we use the information from their Workday or HR systems automatically for that job role specific trainings will be assigned to the candidate.

Within the competency manager area in the developer area when I set up the competency structure I should add a category for example HSE from that category I add an element, Then what I would expect when I add a competency is for me to either be able to import a word or excel file which has all of the knowledge elements that should be achieved and then all of the performance elements that should be achieved. It is feasible that there may be up to 100 knowledge criteria for each competency element Phil stop I would expect that each of these criteria is given a unique identifier I eat if I add 10 knowledge questions they should be on an individual line with a relevant number given to them this may be simply one to 10 or it may be K 1.0, K 1.1, K 1.2, ETC. There should also be the option thereafter to add the performance criteria which is different to the knowledge criteria however it still relates to the element. In the same manner there may be up to 100 lines of performance criteria with each line requiring a unique identifier. This identifier could again be simply rising new medical numbers or it may be for example P 1.0, P 1.1, P 1.2, etc. It is not necessary when building or adding a new competency to identify the assessment methods the assessment methods are only to be used during the sign off phase by the assessor therefore this should only be allocated to the assessor on each of the competency elements they are responsible for signing off as competent or not yet competent for the candidate.
